README.md, before:


Better Autocomplete jQuery plugin
=================================

This jQuery plugin can be attached to text input fields for autocompletion,
using mouse and keyboard for selection. It can use both local sources (e.g. an
array) and remote sources (e.g. an AJAX path which delivers JSON/XML data
asynchronously).

Requirements
------------

 * jQuery 1.4+
 * A modern web browser

The state of this plugin
------------------------

This plugin is as good as ready in many ways and is developed over a couple of
months, so the codebase is tested and refactored in many ways, *but* the
documentation is not up to date and there some non-critical featured yet to be
implemented.

Also in the case of Internet Explorer I can tell that it has *not* been tested
at all in IE. It may just work perfectly fine (for IE7+) or
there may be small bugs or even critical bugs. Please feel free to fork and fix
these potential "bugs" but I want to keep the code clean, and I'm not willing
to do a lot of ugly hacks just for IE.

Customizing
-----------

The most powerful ability of this plugin, compared to others, is that it is
very flexible. There are callbacks for almost everything. These callbacks
can be overridden easily by you. There is also automatically generated
[documentation](http://betamos.se/better-autocomplete/index.html) available.

Author and license
------------------

For now GPL/MIT dual license. And please keep a link to the [github project]
(http://github.com/betamos/Better-Autocomplete).

Copyright © [Didrik Nordström](http://betamos.se)

Commit message:

Altered the state of this plugin (release soon)

README.md, after:


Better Autocomplete jQuery plugin
=================================

This jQuery plugin can be attached to text input fields for autocompletion,
using mouse and keyboard for selection. It can use both local sources (e.g. an
array) and remote sources (e.g. an AJAX path which delivers JSON/XML data
asynchronously).

Requirements
------------

 * jQuery 1.4+
 * A modern web browser

The state of this plugin
------------------------

This plugin is as good as ready in many ways and is developed over a couple of
months, so the codebase is solid and tested in multiple environments. Some none
critical features and API-changes may occur before an initial release which
hopefully will occur within a week from now (2011-06-22).

Also in the case of Internet Explorer I can tell that it has *not* been tested
at all in IE yet. It may just work perfectly fine (for IE7+) or
there may be small bugs or even critical bugs. Please feel free to fork and fix
these potential "bugs" but I want to keep the code clean, and I'm not willing
to do a lot of ugly hacks just for IE.

Customizing
-----------

The most powerful ability of this plugin, compared to others, is that it is
very flexible. There are callbacks for almost everything. These callbacks
can be overridden easily by you. There is also automatically generated
[documentation](http://betamos.se/better-autocomplete/index.html) available.

Author and license
------------------

For now GPL/MIT dual license. And please keep a link to the [github project]
(http://github.com/betamos/Better-Autocomplete).

Copyright © [Didrik Nordström](http://betamos.se)
